Fix readmes and docs content (#866)
epinio/epinio: README.md

Epinio is adding the needed abstractions and intelligence to allow Developers
to use Kubernetes as a PaaS (Platform as a Service).

## Documentation

> Find installation and user documentation at [docs.epinio.io](https://docs.epinio.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation and user documentation is available at our main [docs.epinio.io](https://docs.epinio.io/) site.
```

> Find project related documentaion here in [docs](./docs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find Epinio developer documentation here in [docs](./docs).
```

> Find project related documentaion here in [docs](./docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project related documentation is available from the [docs](./docs) subdirectory.
```

  - CRUD operations of your service. A service can be a database, SaaS etc. A service can be an external component or can be created using `epinio service`
  - Bind services to apps.

## Usage

> - [QuickStart](https://docs.epinio.io/tutorials/quickstart.html) - tutorial on how to create an org and push an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [QuickStart](https://docs.epinio.io/tutorials/quickstart.html) - Tutorial on how to create a namespace and push an application.
```

`Epinio` uses [Github Project](https://github.com/epinio/epinio/projects/1) for tracking issues. You can also find the issues currently being worked on in the `BackLog` section.

> Find more information at [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more information in the [Contribution Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
